V3 documentation (#105)
vippsas/vipps-checkout-api: vipps-checkout-api.md

With Vipps Checkout Elements, you can adjust the fields and values present in the Checkout. For example, you might have a purchasing flow where you do not require an address because you are not sending physical goods, or you do not need the customer to identify themself because they are already logged into your system.

The data collected can be adjusted according to your needs with the configuration.elements in the session initiation request.

> If not specified, it will return the full address and contact details in the Checkout session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If not specified, the complete address and contact details will be gathered.
```

Reviewer: or "will be collected"?

#### AddressFields false example

> If you do not need the address from a user you can disable it using Elements set to PaymentAndContactInfo, resulting in the following personal details form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not need the address from a user you can disable it using Elements set to `PaymentAndContactInfo`, resulting in the following personal details form.
```

#### Addressfields and ContactFields false example

> If you do not need the contact details for a customer you can disable it using Elements PaymentOnly, resulting in the following session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not need the contact details for a customer you can disable it using Elements `PaymentOnly`, resulting in the following session
```
